# Tournament benchmark

This folder contains the scripts that were used to analyse AF2 predictions for a tournament setup benchmarking. Each GPCR was modelled first in complex with their peptide agonist and then adding an increasing number of decoys in the input. 

`1_make_tournament_fastas.py` was used to create the input files for the tournament benchmark. This script uses `GPCR_peptide_benchmarking/classifier_benchmark_data/output/6_interactions_with_decoys.csv` file to add decoys to the input based on binding pocket similarity or dissimilarity of the decoys. 
`2_tournament_analysis.py` was used to analyse the recovery of principal peptide-GPCR interactions in the tournament benchmark. The script annotates the chosen generic residue numbers on the receptor that interact with the principal agonist, and the predicted complexes are then analysed by finding out in which predictions the principal peptide interacts with the receptor and the percentage of such predictions is calculated. The results are then plotted in a bar plot. The subfolder `grn_pdbs` contains annotations of generic residue numbers (GRN) for each GPCR included in the benchmark.
`3_runtime_comparison.py` was used to create a swarmplot of the runtimes required to generate complex predictions for tournament setup, saved under `plots/` subdirectory. The script also does the required statistical analyses to find out which runtimes between different modelling setups are significantly different (saved in `tournament_runtime_wilcoxon.csv`). 
`4_visualize_tournament_prediction.py` is a Python script to generate a PyMOL script to visualize an example output produced by the tournament set up (10 decoys:1 principal peptide). The resulting script is saved under `pymol_scripts/`.